---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_connected_app Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads all `connected apps` in your organization.
---

# anypoint_connected_app (Data Source)

Reads all `connected apps` in your organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_connected_app" "my_read_conn_app" {
    id = "7d72415f862044199be3b739848e6adb" # existing Connected App client id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique id of this connected app generated by the anypoint platform.

### Read-Only

- `audience` (String) Who can use this application
- `cert_expiry` (String)
- `client_uri` (String) Users can visit this URL to learn more about your app. Required for "on behalf of user" 
				connected apps
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the connected app is enabled
- `grant_types` (List of String) List of grant types. For "on its own behalf" connected apps the only allowed value is "client_credentials". 
				The allowed values for "on behalf of user" connected apps are: "authorization_code", "refresh_token",
				"password", and "urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:jwt-bearer".
- `name` (String) The name of the connected app.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization id where the connected app's owner is defined.
- `policy_uri` (String)
- `public_keys` (List of String) Application public key (PEM format). Used to validate JWT authorization grants.
				Required when grant type jwt-bearer is selected.
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) Configure which URIs users may be directed to after authorization
- `scope` (List of Object) The scopes this connected app has authorization to work on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret of the connected app.
- `tos_uri` (String)
- `user_id` (String) The id of the user who owns the connected app

<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Read-Only:

- `env_id` (String)
- `org_id` (String)
- `scope` (String)


