---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_dlb Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a specific `dedicated load balancer` instance.
---

# anypoint_dlb (Data Source)

Reads a specific `dedicated load balancer` instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_dlb" "dlb" {
  org_id = var.root_org                 # The Business Group Id
  vpc_id = "vpc-0c87748024561f029"      # The VPC id
  id = "61ad0a3a0322c72f8129bbca"       # The DLB id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique id of this dlb generated by the anypoint platform.
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the dlb is defined.
- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id

### Read-Only

- `default_cipher_suite` (String) The default cipher suite used by this dlb.
- `default_ssl_endpoint` (Number) The default certificate that will be served for requests not using SNI, or requesting a non-existing certificate
- `deployment_id` (String)
- `domain` (String) The domain name if this dlb.
- `double_static_ips` (Boolean) True if DLB will use double static IPs when restarting
- `enable_streaming` (Boolean) Setting this to true will disable request buffering at the DLB, thereby enabling streaming
- `forward_client_certificate` (Boolean) Setting this to true will forward any incoming client certificates to upstream application
- `http_mode` (String) Specifies whether the Load Balancer listens for HTTP requests on port 80. If set to redirect, all HTTP requests will be redirected to HTTPS. possible values: 'on', 'off' or 'redirect'
- `instance_config` (Map of String)
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) List of static IP addresses of this dlb
- `ip_addresses_info` (List of Object) List of IP addresses information of this dlb. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses_info))
- `ip_allowlist` (List of String) CIDR blocks to allow connections from
- `ip_whitelist` (List of String) CIDR blocks to allow connections from
- `keep_url_encoding` (Boolean) Whether to keep url encoding for this dlb.
- `name` (String) The name of the dlb.
- `proxy_read_timeout` (Number) The proxy read timeout
- `ssl_endpoints` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_endpoints))
- `state` (String) The desired state, possible values: 'started', 'stopped' or 'restarted'
- `static_ips_disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable static ips for this dlb.
- `tlsv1` (Boolean) Whether to activate TLS v1 for this dlb.
- `upstream_tlsv12` (Boolean) Whether to activate TLS v1.2 for this dlb upstream.
- `workers` (Number) The number of workers for this dlb.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses_info`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String)
- `static_ip` (Boolean)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `mappings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ssl_endpoints--mappings))
- `private_key_digest` (String)
- `private_key_label` (String)
- `public_key_cn` (String)
- `public_key_digest` (String)
- `public_key_label` (String)
- `verify_client_mode` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--ssl_endpoints--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_endpoints.mappings`

Read-Only:

- `app_name` (String)
- `app_uri` (String)
- `input_uri` (String)
- `upstream_protocol` (String)


