---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_fabrics Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a specific `Runtime Fabrics'` instance.
---

# anypoint_fabrics (Data Source)

Reads a specific `Runtime Fabrics'` instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_fabrics" "rtf" {
  id = "YOUR_FABRICS_ID"
  org_id = var.org_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique id of the fabrics instance in the platform.
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the fabrics is hosted.

### Read-Only

- `activation_data` (String) The activation data to use during installation of fabrics on the kubernetes cluster. Only available when instance is created and not activated yet.
- `app_scoped_log_forwarding` (Boolean) Whether app scoped log forwarding is active.
- `available_upgrade_version` (String) The available upgrade version of fabrics.
- `cluster_configuration_level` (String) The configuration level of the cluster (production or development).
- `created_at` (Number) The creation date of the fabrics instance.
- `desired_version` (String) The desired version of fabrics.
- `features` (List of Object) The features of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))
- `ingress` (List of Object) The ingress configurations of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress))
- `is_helm_managed` (Boolean) Whether this cluster is managed by helmet.
- `is_managed` (Boolean) Whether this cluster is managed.
- `kubernetes_version` (String) The kubernetes version of the cluster.
- `license_expiry_date` (Number) The expiry date of the license (timestamp).
- `name` (String) The name of this fabrics instance.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace where runtime fabrics is installed.
- `nodes` (List of Object) The list of fabrics nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))
- `region` (String) The region where fabrics instance is hosted.
- `seconds_since_heartbeat` (Number) The number of seconds since last heartbeat.
- `status` (String) The status of the farbics instance.
- `upgrade` (List of Object) The status of the fabrics. Only available when instance is created and not activated yet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upgrade))
- `vendor` (String) The vendor name of the kubernetes instance hosting fabrics.
- `vendor_metadata` (Map of String) The vendor metadata
- `version` (String) The version of fabrics.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Read-Only:

- `enhanced_security` (Boolean)
- `persistent_store` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress`

Read-Only:

- `domains` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Read-Only:

- `allocated_limit_capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_limit_capacity))
- `allocated_request_capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_request_capacity))
- `capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--capacity))
- `docker_version` (String)
- `kubelet_version` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--status))
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_limit_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.allocated_limit_capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_request_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.allocated_request_capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.status`

Read-Only:

- `is_healthy` (Boolean)
- `is_ready` (Boolean)
- `is_schedulable` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--upgrade"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String)


