---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Query a specific crl-distributor-configs for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs (Data Source)

Query a specific crl-distributor-configs for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs" "cfg" {
  id     = "fc18a686-f3c3-4d50-8072-0de215814d25"
  sg_id  = var.sg_id
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the crl-distributor-configs's secret group is defined.
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this crl-distributor-configs
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the crl-distributor-configs's secret group is defined.
- `sg_id` (String) The secret-group id where the crl-distributor-configs instance is defined.

### Read-Only

- `ca_certificate_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type certificate. Select the CA certificate associated with the retrieved CRL file.
				If selected, the retrieved CRL file may contain revoked and/or held certificates issued by this CA.
				The CA subject name is obtained as part of the CRL file that is retrieved.
				However, the CRL distributor that issued and signed the CRL file may not be the issuing CA.
				If this CA certificate is encountered during chain-of-trust processing then a CRL file for this CA must have been successfully retrieved, validated and still in affect (not expired) or the chain-of trust processing fails depending on how the 'Require CRL for all CAs' flag setting configured as described below.
					* If the TLS Context secret has the 'Require CRL for all CAs' flag set to false, then the CA certificate should be selected. If not selected then prior to successful retrieval and processing of the CRL file there exists a window of time when a revoked CA certificate could be considered valid in chain-of-trust processing.
					* Else if its set to true, then its not necessary to select the CA certificate.
- `complete_crl_issuer_url` (String) URL from where complete CRL file is retrieved
- `delta_crl_issuer_url` (String) URL from where the changes in CRL file can be retrieved
- `distributor_certificate_path` (String) Refers to secret of type certificate
- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the crl-distributor-configs
- `frequency` (Number) How frequently should the distributor site be checked for new crl files(in minutes)
- `name` (String) The name of the crl-distributor-configs
- `path` (String) The path of the crl-distributor-configs


