---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Query a specific secret-group in a given organization and environment.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup (Data Source)

Query a specific secret-group in a given organization and environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the secret group instance is defined.
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this secret group
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the secret group instance is defined.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time at which this secret group was created
- `current_state` (String) The state the secret group is currently in. If the state is anything but 'Clear', only the corresponding operation is allowed on the secret group, as follows.

					* If currentState="Finishing", only operation allowed - delete lock with action = finish.
					* If currentState="Cancelling", only operation allowed - delete lock with action = cancel.
					* If currentState="Deleting", only operation allowed - delete secret group.
- `downloadable` (Boolean) Whether the secret group is downloadable or not
- `locked` (Boolean) Indicates whether this secret group is currently locked
- `locked_by` (String) Username of the anypoint platform user who currently holds the lock on this secret group. This is present only if 'locked' is set to true.
- `modified_at` (String) Time at which this secret group was last modified
- `modified_by` (String) Username of the anypoint platform user who modified this secret group
- `name` (String) The name of the secret group


