---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup_tlscontext_mule Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Query a specific tls-context of type "Mule" for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup_tlscontext_mule (Data Source)

Query a specific tls-context of type "Mule" for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the tls-context's secret group is defined.
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this tls-context
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the tls-context's secret group is defined.
- `sg_id` (String) The secret-group id where the tls-context instance is defined.

### Read-Only

- `acceptable_tls_versions` (List of Object) TLS versions supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acceptable_tls_versions))
- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of enabled cipher suites for Mule target.
- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the tls-context
- `insecure` (Boolean) Setting this flag to true indicates that certificate validation should not be enforced, i.e. the truststore, even though set, is ignored at runtime. Only available for "Mule" target
- `keystore_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type keystore. Relative path of the secret to be referenced.
- `name` (String) The name of the tls-context
- `path` (String) The path of the tls-context
- `target` (String) The target application for the tls-context
- `truststore_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type truststore. Relative path of the secret to be referenced.

<a id="nestedatt--acceptable_tls_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acceptable_tls_versions`

Read-Only:

- `tls_v1_dot1` (Boolean)
- `tls_v1_dot2` (Boolean)
- `tls_v1_dot3` (Boolean)


