---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup_tlscontext_flexgateway Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Query a specific tls-context of type "FlexGateway" for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup_tlscontext_flexgateway (Data Source)

Query a specific tls-context of type "FlexGateway" for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_secretgroup_tlscontext_flexgateway" "fg" {
  id     = var.id
  sg_id  = var.secretgroup_id
  org_id = var.org_id
  env_id = var.env_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the tls-context's secret group is defined.
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this tls-context
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the tls-context's secret group is defined.
- `sg_id` (String) The secret-group id where the tls-context instance is defined.

### Read-Only

- `alpn_protocols` (List of String) supported HTTP versions in the most-to-least preferred order. At least one version must be specified.
- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of enabled cipher suites for Mule target.
- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the tls-context
- `inbound_settings` (List of Object) Properties that are applicable only when the TLS context is used to secure inbound traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound_settings))
- `keystore_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type keystore. Relative path of the secret to be referenced.
- `max_tls_version` (String) Maximum TLS version supported.
- `min_tls_version` (String) Minimum TLS version supported.
- `name` (String) The name of the tls-context
- `outbound_settings` (List of Object) Properties that are applicable only when the TLS context is used to secure outbound traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_settings))
- `path` (String) The path of the tls-context
- `target` (String) The target application for the tls-context
- `truststore_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type truststore. Relative path of the secret to be referenced.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound_settings`

Read-Only:

- `enable_client_cert_validation` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--outbound_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_settings`

Read-Only:

- `skip_server_cert_validation` (Boolean)


