---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_users Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads the `users` available in the business group.
---

# anypoint_users (Data Source)

Reads the `users` available in the business group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_users" "users" {
   org_id = "YOUR_ORG_ID"
   params {
     offset = 0         # page number
     limit  = 200       # number of users per page
     type   = "all"     # users type
   }
 }

 output "users" {
   value = data.anypoint_users.users
 }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String) The master organization id where the user is defined.

### Optional

- `params` (Block Set) The search parameters. Should only provide one occurrence of the block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--params))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `len` (Number) The number of loaded results (for pagination purposes).
- `total` (Number) The total number of available results
- `users` (List of Object) The list of resulted users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedblock--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `params`

Optional:

- `limit` (Number) Maximum records to retrieve per request. default 25, min 0, max 500
- `offset` (Number) The number of records to omit from the response.
- `type` (String) specify the type of the user you want to retrive [all, host, proxy]


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `contributor_of_organizations` (Set of Map of String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `email` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `first_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `idprovider_id` (String)
- `is_federated` (Boolean)
- `last_login` (String)
- `last_name` (String)
- `member_of_organizations` (Set of Map of String)
- `mfa_verification_excluded` (Boolean)
- `mfa_verifiers_configured` (String)
- `organization` (Map of String)
- `organization_id` (String)
- `primary_organization` (Map of String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `username` (String)


