---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_user Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a specific `user` in the business group.
---

# anypoint_user (Data Source)

Reads a specific `user` in the business group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_user" "user" {
   org_id = "YOUR_ORG_ID"
   id     = "YOUR_USER_ID"
 }

 output "user" {
   value = data.anypoint_user.user
 }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique id of this user generated by the anypoint platform.
- `org_id` (String) The master organization id where the user is defined.

### Read-Only

- `contributor_of_organizations` (Set of Map of String) The list of organizations this user has contributed to.
- `created_at` (String) The time when the user was created.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether this user is deleted
- `email` (String) The email of this user.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this user is enabled
- `first_name` (String) The firstname of this user.
- `idprovider_id` (String) The identity provider id
- `is_federated` (Boolean) Whether this user is federated.
- `last_login` (String) The last time this user logged in.
- `last_name` (String) The lastname of this user.
- `member_of_organizations` (Set of Map of String) The user's list of organizations membership
- `mfa_verification_excluded` (Boolean) Whether MFA verification is excluded for this user
- `mfa_verifiers_configured` (String) The MFA configured for this user.
- `organization` (Map of String) The organization information
- `organization_id` (String) The master organization id where the user is defined.
- `organization_preferences` (Map of String) The preferences of the user within the organization.
- `phone_number` (String) The phone number of this user.
- `properties` (String) The user's properties.
- `type` (String) The type of user.
- `updated_at` (String) The last time this user was updated.
- `username` (String) The username of this user.


