---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Anypoint"
subcategory: "Mulesoft"
description: |-
  The Anypoint provider provides resources to interact with a Mulesoft's Anypoint Platform API.
---

# Terraform Anypoint Provider Documentation

Welcome to the official documentation for the Terraform Anypoint Provider! This comprehensive guide will help you harness the power of Terraform to manage your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform resources with ease and efficiency.

## What is the Terraform Anypoint Provider?
The Terraform Anypoint Provider is a vital tool for DevOps and infrastructure as code (IaC) practitioners who seek a streamlined approach to provisioning, configuring, and managing their MuleSoft Anypoint resources. With Terraform, you can declare your Anypoint resources and configurations in code, enabling you to:

* **Automate Deployments:** Define your Anypoint deployments as code, allowing for version control, automation, and repeatability.

* **Increase Collaboration:** Collaborate seamlessly with your team by storing infrastructure configurations in a version-controlled repository.

* **Reduce Human Error:** Eliminate manual configuration steps, reducing the risk of misconfigurations and errors.

* **Track Changes:** Terraform tracks changes to your infrastructure and can apply updates incrementally, ensuring minimal disruptions.

## Getting Started
If you're new to Terraform or the Terraform Anypoint Provider, start by exploring the following sections:

* **Installation:** Learn how to install Terraform and set up your environment for working with the Anypoint Provider.

* **Configuration:** Discover how to configure the Anypoint Provider with your Anypoint Platform credentials and settings.

* **Examples:** Dive into practical examples that demonstrate how to use Terraform to manage Anypoint resources effectively.

## In-Depth Documentation
For a deep dive into using Terraform to manage Anypoint resources, explore our comprehensive documentation:

* **Resource Reference:** Detailed information on the available Anypoint resources and their configuration options.

* **Data Source Reference:** Learn how to retrieve information from Anypoint Platform using data sources in Terraform.

* **Provider Configuration:** Explore advanced configuration options and best practices for using the Terraform Anypoint Provider.

## Community and Support
* **Community Forum:** Join discussions, ask questions, and share your knowledge with fellow Terraform and Anypoint enthusiasts in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/Y9cmgvmpwV).

* **GitHub Repository:** Contribute to the development of the Terraform Anypoint Provider by participating in our open-source project on [GitHub](https://github.com/mulesoft-anypoint/terraform-provider-anypoint).

* **Support:** If you encounter issues or need assistance, visit our support page for guidance and assistance from the community.

## Start Automating with Terraform and Anypoint!
Unlock the potential of Infrastructure as Code with Terraform and streamline your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform operations. Get started today by exploring our documentation and resources.



Happy Terraforming!



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "anypoint" {
  # use either username/pwd or client id/secret to connect to the platform

  username = var.username               # optionally use ANYPOINT_USERNAME env var
  password = var.password               # optionally use ANYPOINT_PASSWORD env var

  client_id = var.client_id             # optionally use ANYPOINT_CLIENT_ID env var
  client_secret = var.client_secret     # optionally use ANYPOINT_CLIENT_SECRET env var

  access_token  = var.access_token      # optionally use ANYPOINT_ACCESS_TOKEN env var

  # You may need to change the anypoint control plane: use 'eu' or 'us'
  # by default the control plane is 'us'
  cplane= var.cplane                    # optionnaly use ANYPOINT_CPLANE env var
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) the connected app's access token
- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) the connected app's id
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) the connected app's secret
- `cplane` (String) the anypoint control plane
- `password` (String, Sensitive) the user's password
- `username` (String, Sensitive) the user's username