---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_amq Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an `Anypoint MQ` in your `region`.
---

# anypoint_amq (Resource)

Creates an `Anypoint MQ` in your `region`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_amq" "amq" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
  region_id = "us-east-1"
  queue_id = "YOUR_QUEUE_ID"
  fifo = false
  default_ttl = 604800000
  default_lock_ttl = 120000
  dead_letter_queue_id = "MY_EMPTY_DLQ"
  max_deliveries = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the Anypoint MQ is defined.
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the Anypoint MQ is defined.
- `queue_id` (String) The unique id of this Anypoint MQ.
- `region_id` (String) The region id where the Anypoint MQ is defined. Refer to Anypoint Platform official documentation for the list of available regions

### Optional

- `dead_letter_queue_id` (String) The queue Id of the dead letter queue to bind to this queue. A FIFO DLQ only works with FIFO queues.
- `default_delivery_delay` (Number) The default delivery delay in seconds.
- `default_lock_ttl` (Number) The default time to live of the created locks in milliseconds.
- `default_ttl` (Number) The default TTL applied to messages in milliseconds.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) To encrypt the queue.
- `fifo` (Boolean) Whether to make this queue a FIFO.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `max_deliveries` (Number) The maximum number of attempts after which the message will be routed to DLQ. This field can only be used when dead_letter_queue_id attribute is present.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique id of this Anypoint MQ generated by the provider composed of {orgId}/{envId}/{regionId}/{queueId}.
- `type` (String) The type is always queue.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{ENV_ID}/{REGION_ID}/{QUEUE_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \    #variables file
  anypoint_amq.amq \                #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/7074fcdd-9b23-4ab6-97r8-5db5f4adf17d/us-east-1/myAwesomeQ    #resource ID
```
