---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_bg Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a business group (org).
---

# anypoint_bg (Resource)

Creates a business group (org).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_bg" "bg" {
  name = "YOUR_BG_NAME"
  parent_organization_id = var.root_org
  owner_id = var.owner_id
  entitlements_createsuborgs = true
  entitlements_createenvironments = true
  entitlements_globaldeployment = true
  entitlements_vcoresproduction_assigned = 0
  entitlements_vcoressandbox_assigned = 0
  entitlements_vcoresdesign_assigned = 0
  entitlements_staticips_assigned = 0
  entitlements_vpcs_assigned = 1
  entitlements_loadbalancer_assigned = 0
  entitlements_vpns_assigned = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this organization.
- `owner_id` (String) The user id of the owner of this organization.
- `parent_organization_id` (String) The immediate parent organization id of this organization.

### Optional

- `entitlements_anggovernance_level` (Number)
- `entitlements_anypointsecurityedgepolicies_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Anypoint security edge policies is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_anypointsecuritytokenization_enabled` (Boolean) whether Anypoint securirty tokenization is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_apicommunitymanager_enabled` (Boolean) Whether api community manager is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_apimonitoring_schedules` (Number) The number of api monitoring schedules for this organization.
- `entitlements_apiquery_enabled` (Boolean) Whether api queries are enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_apiquery_productsku` (Number) The number of api query product sku for this organization.
- `entitlements_apiqueryc360_enabled` (Boolean) Whether api query C360 is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_apis_enabled` (Boolean) whether APIs are enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_appviz` (Boolean) Whether the app vizualize if enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_armalerts` (Boolean) Whether arm alerts are enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_autoscaling` (Boolean) Whether autoscaling is enabled for this organization
- `entitlements_cam_enabled` (Boolean) Whether cam is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_createenvironments` (Boolean) Whether this organization can have additional environments.
- `entitlements_createsuborgs` (Boolean) Whether this organization can create sub organizations (descendants).
- `entitlements_crowd_environments` (Boolean)
- `entitlements_crowd_hideapimanagerdesigner` (Boolean)
- `entitlements_crowd_hideformerapiplatform` (Boolean)
- `entitlements_crowdselfservicemigration_enabled` (Boolean) Whether crow self service migration is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_designcenter_api` (Boolean) Whether te design center api is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_designcenter_mozart` (Boolean) Whether the design center mozart is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_exchange2_enabled` (Boolean) Whether exchange v2 is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_externalidentity` (Boolean) Whether an external identity provider (IDP) was assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_gateways_assigned` (Number) The number of gateways assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_globaldeployment` (Boolean) Whether this organization can have global deployments.
- `entitlements_kpidashboard_enabled` (Boolean) Whether KPI dashboard is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_loadbalancer_assigned` (Number) The number of dedicated load balancers (DLB) assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_messaging_assigned` (Number) The number of messaging assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_monitoringcenter_productsku` (Number) The number of monitoring center products sku for this organization.
- `entitlements_mqadvancedfeatures_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Anypoint MQ advanced features are enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_mqmessages_addon` (Number) The number of MQ messages addons assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_mqmessages_base` (Number) The number of basic MQ messages assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_mqrequests_addon` (Number) The number of MQ requests addon assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_mqrequests_base` (Number) The number of MQ requests base assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_objectstorekeys_addon` (Number) The number of object store keys addon for this organization.
- `entitlements_objectstorekeys_base` (Number) The number of object store keys base for this organization.
- `entitlements_objectstorerequestunits_addon` (Number) The number of object store requests units addon for this organization.
- `entitlements_objectstorerequestunits_base` (Number) The number of object store requests unists base for this organization.
- `entitlements_partnersproduction_assigned` (Number) The number of partners production vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_partnerssandbox_assigned` (Number) The number of partners sandbox vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_pcf` (Boolean) Whether PCF is included for this organization.
- `entitlements_runtimefabric` (Boolean) Whether Runtime Fabrics (RTF) is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_runtimefabriccloud_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Runtime Fabrics (RTF) is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_servicemesh_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Service Mesh is enabled for this organization.
- `entitlements_staticips_assigned` (Number) The number of static IPs assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_tradingpartnersproduction_assigned` (Number) The number of traded partners production vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_tradingpartnerssandbox_assigned` (Number) The number of traded partners sandbox vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoresdesign_assigned` (Number) The number of design vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoresproduction_assigned` (Number) The number of production vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoressandbox_assigned` (Number) The number of sandbox vcores assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vpcs_assigned` (Number) The number of VPCs assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vpns_assigned` (Number) The number of VPNs assigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_workerclouds_assigned` (Number) The number of worker clouds assigned to this organization
- `entitlements_workerloggingoverride_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the loggin override on workers is enabled for this organization.
- `is_federated` (Boolean) Whether this organization is federated.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `session_timeout` (Number) The organization's session timeout

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The organization client id.
- `created_at` (String) The time when this organization was created.
- `domain` (String) The organization's domain
- `entitlements_hybridautodiscoverproperties` (Boolean) Whether this organization has hybrid auto-discovery properties enabled
- `entitlements_hybridenabled` (Boolean) Whether this organization has hybrid enabled.
- `entitlements_hybridinsight` (Boolean) Whether this organization has hybrid insight.
- `entitlements_loadbalancer_reassigned` (Number) The number of dedicated load balancers (DLB) reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_staticips_reassigned` (Number) The number of static IPs reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoresdesign_reassigned` (Number) The number of design vcores reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoresproduction_reassigned` (Number) The number of production vcores reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vcoressandbox_reassigned` (Number) The number of sandbox vcores reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vpcs_reassigned` (Number) The number of VPCs reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_vpns_reassigned` (Number) The number of VPNs reassigned to this organization.
- `entitlements_workerclouds_reassigned` (Number) The number of worker clouds reassigned to this organization
- `environments` (List of Object) The organization's list of environments (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `id` (String) This organization's unique id generated by the anypoint plaform
- `idprovider_id` (String) The identity provider if of this organization
- `is_automatic_admin_promotion_exempt` (Boolean) Whether the admin promotion exemption is enabled on this organization
- `is_master` (Boolean) Whether this organization is the master org.
- `mfa_required` (String) Whether MFA is enforced in this organization
- `owner_created_at` (String) the organization owner creation date
- `owner_deleted` (Boolean) Whether the organization owner account is deleted.
- `owner_email` (String, Sensitive) The organization owner's email.
- `owner_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the organization owner account is enabled.
- `owner_firstname` (String, Sensitive) The organization owner's firstname
- `owner_idprovider_id` (String) The organization owner identity provider id.
- `owner_lastlogin` (String) The last time the organization owner logged in.
- `owner_lastname` (String, Sensitive) The organization owner's lastname.
- `owner_mfaverification_excluded` (Boolean) Whether the organization owner MFA verification is excluded.
- `owner_mfaverifiers_configured` (String) The organization owner MFA verification configuration
- `owner_organization_id` (String) The organization owner's organization id.
- `owner_phonenumber` (String, Sensitive) The organization owner's phone number.
- `owner_type` (String) The organization owner account type.
- `owner_updated_at` (String) The organization owner update date.
- `owner_username` (String) The organization owner username.
- `parent_organization_ids` (List of String) Array of ancestor organizations.
- `properties` (String) The organiztion's general properties.
- `sub_organization_ids` (List of String) Array of descendant organizations.
- `subscription_category` (String) The anypoint platform subscription category
- `subscription_expiration` (String) The anypoint platform subscription expiration date.
- `subscription_type` (String) The anypoint platform subscription type.
- `tenant_organization_ids` (List of String) Array of tenant organizations
- `updated_at` (String) The time when this organization was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_production` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `organization_id` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \          #variables file
  anypoint_bg.bg \                        #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1    #resource ID
```
