---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_fabrics Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a `Runtime Fabrics` instance.
---

# anypoint_fabrics (Resource)

Creates a `Runtime Fabrics` instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_fabrics" "fabrics" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  name = "terraform-eks-rtf"
  region = "us-east-1"
  vendor = "eks"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the fabrics
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the fabrics is defined.
- `region` (String) The region where fabrics instance is hosted. Refer to the official documentation for the list of available regions.
				The list of regions is available [here](https://docs.mulesoft.com/cloudhub-2/ch2-architecture#regions-and-dns-records).
				Examples: us-east-1 / us-east-2
- `vendor` (String) The vendor name of the kubernetes instance hosting fabrics. The following values are supported:
						* eks: AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service
						* aks: Azure Kubernetes Service
						* gke: Google Kubernetes Service
						* ack: Alibaba Kubernetes Service
						* openshift: Openshift
						* rancher: Rancher

### Read-Only

- `activation_data` (String) The activation data to use during installation of fabrics on the kubernetes cluster. Only available when instance is created and not activated yet.
- `app_scoped_log_forwarding` (Boolean) Whether app scoped log forwarding is active.
- `available_upgrade_version` (String) The available upgrade version of fabrics.
- `cluster_configuration_level` (String) The configuration level of the cluster (production or development).
- `created_at` (Number) The creation date of the fabrics instance
- `desired_version` (String) The desired version of fabrics.
- `features` (List of Object) The features of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))
- `id` (String) The unique id of this fabrics generated by the anypoint platform.
- `ingress` (List of Object) The ingress configurations of this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress))
- `is_helm_managed` (Boolean) Whether this cluster is managed by helmet.
- `is_managed` (Boolean) Whether this cluster is managed.
- `kubernetes_version` (String) The kubernetes version of the cluster.
- `license_expiry_date` (Number) The expiry date of the license (timestamp).
- `namespace` (String) The namespace where runtime fabrics is installed.
- `nodes` (List of Object) The list of fabrics nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))
- `seconds_since_heartbeat` (Number) The number of seconds since last heartbeat.
- `status` (String) The status of the farbics instance.
- `upgrade` (Block List) The status of the fabrics. Only available when instance is created and not activated yet. This cannot be set by user, any value the user puts is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade))
- `vendor_metadata` (Map of String) The vendor metadata
- `version` (String) The version of fabrics.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Read-Only:

- `enhanced_security` (Boolean)
- `persistent_store` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress`

Read-Only:

- `domains` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Read-Only:

- `allocated_limit_capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_limit_capacity))
- `allocated_request_capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_request_capacity))
- `capacity` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--capacity))
- `docker_version` (String)
- `kubelet_version` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--nodes--status))
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_limit_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.allocated_limit_capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--allocated_request_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.allocated_request_capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.capacity`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `cpu_millis` (Number)
- `memory` (String)
- `memory_mi` (Number)
- `pods` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--nodes--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.status`

Read-Only:

- `is_healthy` (Boolean)
- `is_ready` (Boolean)
- `is_schedulable` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedblock--upgrade"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The upgrade status.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{FABRICS_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \          #variables file
  anypoint_fabrics.rtf \            #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/4c641268-3917-45b0-acb8-f7cb0c0318ab    #resource ID
```
