---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup_keystore Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage a keystore for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
      This resource doesn't support delete. The delete operation only removes the resource from local terraform state file.
      Only the parent resource (secret-group) can be deleted.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup_keystore (Resource)

Create and manage a keystore for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
		This resource doesn't support delete. The delete operation only removes the resource from local terraform state file.
		Only the parent resource (secret-group) can be deleted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_secretgroup_keystore" "keystore" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
  sg_id = anypoint_secretgroup.sg.id
  name = "terraform-keystore-example-01"
  type = "PEM"
  key = "${path.module}/keys/myserver.local.key"
  certificate = "${path.module}/keys/myserver.local.crt"
}

resource "anypoint_secretgroup_keystore" "jks" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
  sg_id = anypoint_secretgroup.sg.id
  name = "terraform-keystore-example-jks-01"
  type = "JKS"
  keystore = "${path.module}/keys/my-terraform.keystore"
  algorithm = "PKIX"
  alias = "terraform_example"
  store_passphrase = "123456"
  key_passphrase = "123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the keystore's secret group is defined.
- `name` (String) The name of the keystore
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the keystore's secret group is defined.
- `sg_id` (String) The secret-group id where the keystore instance is defined.
- `type` (String) The specific type of the keystore

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm used to create the keystore manager factory which will make use of this keystore
- `alias` (String) The alias name of the entry that contains the certificate
- `allow_expired_cert` (Boolean) With 'true' to allow uploading expired certificates
- `capath` (String, Sensitive) The path to the concatenated chain of CA certificates, except the leaf, leading up to the root CA. Can only be set in case of PEM type.
- `certificate` (String, Sensitive) The path to the public certificate. Required in the case of PEM type.
- `key` (String) The path to the encrypted private key. Required in case of PEM type.
- `key_passphrase` (String) Passphrase with which private key for a particular alias is protected.
- `keystore` (String) The path to the file containing one or more certificate entries. Required in case of JKS, JCEKS and PKCS12 types
- `store_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase with which keystore is protected. Required in case of JKS, JCEKS and PKCS12 types

### Read-Only

- `capath_file_name` (String) The file name of the CA file that is stored in this keystore
- `certificate_file_name` (String) The file name of the certificate file that is stored in this keystore
- `details` (List of Object) Details about the public certificate and capath from the keystore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--details))
- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the keystore
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this keystore.
- `key_file_name` (String) The file name of the encrypted private key that is stored in this keystore
- `keystore_file_name` (String) File name of the keystore that is stored in this secret
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `path` (String) The path of the keystore

<a id="nestedatt--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Read-Only:

- `capath` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--details--capath))
- `certificate` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--details--certificate))

<a id="nestedobjatt--details--capath"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.capath`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_type` (String)
- `extended_key_usage` (List of String)
- `is_certificate_authority` (Boolean)
- `issuer` (Map of String)
- `key_usage` (List of String)
- `public_key_algorithm` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `signature_algorithm` (String)
- `subject` (Map of String)
- `subject_alternative_name` (List of String)
- `validity` (Map of String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--details--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.certificate`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_type` (String)
- `extended_key_usage` (List of String)
- `is_certificate_authority` (Boolean)
- `issuer` (Map of String)
- `key_usage` (List of String)
- `public_key_algorithm` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `signature_algorithm` (String)
- `subject` (Map of String)
- `subject_alternative_name` (List of String)
- `validity` (Map of String)
- `version` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{ENV_ID}/{SG_ID}/{SECRET_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \    #variables file
  anypoint_secretgroup_keystore.keystore \                #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/7074fcdd-9b23-4ab3-97c8-5db5f4adf17d/39731075-0521-47aa-82b2-d9745f2ac2eb/b2096f24-3ae3-4047-a481-41b5b102feba   #resource ID
```
