---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage crl-distributor-configs for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
      This resource doesn't support delete. The delete operation only removes the resource from local terraform state file.
      Only the parent resource (secret-group) can be deleted.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs (Resource)

Create and manage crl-distributor-configs for a secret-group in a given organization and environment.
		This resource doesn't support delete. The delete operation only removes the resource from local terraform state file.
		Only the parent resource (secret-group) can be deleted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs" "cfg" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
  sg_id = anypoint_secretgroup.sg.id
  name = "sg-crl-distrib-cfg-01"
  complete_crl_issuer_url = "http://crl.microsoft.com/pki/crl/products/microsoftrootcert.crl"
  frequency = 2
  distributor_certificate_path = anypoint_secretgroup_certificate.cert02.path
  ca_certificate_path = anypoint_secretgroup_certificate.cert02.path
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `complete_crl_issuer_url` (String) URL from where complete CRL file is retrieved
- `distributor_certificate_path` (String) Refers to secret of type certificate
- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the crl-distributor-configs's secret group is defined.
- `frequency` (Number) How frequently should the distributor site be checked for new crl files(in minutes). Value should be between 2 and 1000
- `name` (String) The name of the crl-distributor-configs
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the crl-distributor-configs's secret group is defined.
- `sg_id` (String) The secret-group id where the crl-distributor-configs instance is defined.

### Optional

- `ca_certificate_path` (String) Refers to a secret of type certificate. Select the CA certificate associated with the retrieved CRL file.
				If selected, the retrieved CRL file may contain revoked and/or held certificates issued by this CA.
				The CA subject name is obtained as part of the CRL file that is retrieved.
				However, the CRL distributor that issued and signed the CRL file may not be the issuing CA.
				If this CA certificate is encountered during chain-of-trust processing then a CRL file for this CA must have been successfully retrieved, validated and still in affect (not expired) or the chain-of trust processing fails depending on how the 'Require CRL for all CAs' flag setting configured as described below.
					* If the TLS Context secret has the 'Require CRL for all CAs' flag set to false, then the CA certificate should be selected. If not selected then prior to successful retrieval and processing of the CRL file there exists a window of time when a revoked CA certificate could be considered valid in chain-of-trust processing.
					* Else if its set to true, then its not necessary to select the CA certificate.
- `delta_crl_issuer_url` (String) URL from where the changes in CRL file can be retrieved

### Read-Only

- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the crl-distributor-configs
- `id` (String) Id assigned to this crl-distributor-configs
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `path` (String) The path of the crl-distributor-configs

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{ENV_ID}/{SG_ID}/{SECRET_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \    #variables file
  anypoint_secretgroup_crldistrib_cfgs.cfg \                #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/7074fcdd-9b23-4ab3-97c8-5db5f4adf17d/39731075-0521-47aa-82b2-d9745f2ac2eb/b2096f24-3ae3-4047-a481-41b5b102feba   #resource ID
```
