---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_secretgroup Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a secret group for a given organization and environment.
---

# anypoint_secretgroup (Resource)

Create a secret group for a given organization and environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_secretgroup" "sg" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  env_id = var.env_id
  name = "sg-example"
  downloadable = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `downloadable` (Boolean) Setting this to true indicates that the secrets from this secret group are allowed to be downloadable by end users, altough, through other applications.
- `env_id` (String) The environment id where the secret group instance is defined.
- `name` (String) The name of the secret group
- `org_id` (String) The organization id where the secret group instance is defined.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time at which this secret group was created
- `current_state` (String) The state the secret group is currently in. If the state is anything but 'Clear', only the corresponding operation is allowed on the secret group, as follows.

					* If currentState="Finishing", only operation allowed - delete lock with action = finish.
					* If currentState="Cancelling", only operation allowed - delete lock with action = cancel.
					* If currentState="Deleting", only operation allowed - delete secret group.
- `id` (String) The unique id of this secret group
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `locked` (Boolean) Indicates whether this secret group is currently locked
- `locked_by` (String) Username of the anypoint platform user who currently holds the lock on this secret group. This is present only if 'locked' is set to true.
- `modified_at` (String) Time at which this secret group was last modified
- `modified_by` (String) Username of the anypoint platform user who modified this secret group

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{ENV_ID}/{SG_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \    #variables file
  anypoint_secretgroup.sg \                #resource name
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/7074fcdd-9b23-4ab3-97c8-5db5f4adf17d/39731075-0521-47aa-82b2-d9745f2ac2eb   #resource ID
```
